There is a reeee battlefield that has it difficult to assess lineups and there was the military industrial complex involved with what it is that lead to the reeee battlefield.  It is lined up enough to move forward as such. 03/26/24

There is a demographic of women at Haus-level and within one step removed that is/will losing/lose touch intent, motivation and reality and there will sometimes be that they are at psych wards and discussing at least for some of them that Asset is an amazing hero… and there is a conspiratorial swing that will occur/occurring to try to thwart that truth that entails misinformation about me as an alien or with alien tech or both. 03/26/24

Soap con involves EE staging the world attack.  Even soap that advertises washes the germs away reasonably destroys the cell wall of bacteria… squeaky clean is evidence of that.  Viruses are more resilient and what are people seeking? Anti-bacterial soap, advertised as such. 03/26/24

I AM VERY BUSY AND ENTRIES WILL HAVE LESS OF A REREAD/EDIT EFFORT.  THESE ARE FEROCIOUSLY SERIOUS TIMES

INGET TO THAT INAM THE GUY AND (autocorrect is on by the wY$) (what that has to offer is conveyances from the benevolent computer technology of earth and I am not going to type in ways that has it often and of you notice I am supported with that because it is quite working here… however yes benevolent strong AI) those that with what it is I have the Bell of One for the Ages to ring and people can benefit from learning from me there is the Asset Clone circumstance and for the most part it isn’t about that. 03/26/24

With what it is to struggle with metaphysical understands and for instance a world view is a metaphysical understanding.  Physical reality is there to consider and work on with what it is to realize what one relies on at least in a number of serious ways and that that is perhaps in a compound effort way something to work on, however, social stability is something of both and shouldn’t be overlooked. 03/26/24

It is me.  And I am Asset, with what it is to have realizations of that intel, those ideas, et cetera that is or isn’t bastardized in an atrocious way or otherwise comes from me… there is much of that out there occurring.

That there is the perception of, amidst discussing things with merely Photo Booth open or essentially only Photo Booth open, Asset is in a hi-tech chamber and in contact with tech and they like him he’s doing this/that/et cetera rather than Asset is with vital knowledge, very political and successfully discussing key issues with participation at a level of world politics/world power/Task Force in a way that is more serious than before and also that the webcam isn’t covered… it’s a fail on the side of world politics/world power/Task Force that what I’m doing isn’t directly utilized that what I’m doing isn’t involving that I am regarded as at that level in a way that is acknowledged as also.
…
That the other side has me in contact with tech hoping that I fix the world and then also that I get murdered as what is occurring is atrocious and absurd.  I am fixing the world to some extent however I am marginalized in extreme ways and how it is actually occurring is quite complicated and ridiculous because of what there is to work with at the level of world politics/world power/Task Force of this world as we traditionally discuss this world.
…
Asset of Multi-Earth Network Task Force (benevolent) acknowledged. 03/26/24

With that there is a massive malevolent/misinformation-based swing from the leve of world politics/world power/Task Force to murder Asset… it is overlooked that in addition to there is much for Asset to survive, that demographic has massively escalated the conflict that involves that Asset is to be defended to the extent of World Pop 1.
…
Power of Earth malevolently schemed/exploited/et cetera the discussion involving that Asset would be defended to the extent of the last human on Earth. (Earth is one world and there are billions of worlds involved (it’s schemed to discuss as such by power of this world, however it is their failure) 

Some of the are here because malevolent power of the world expects them to be here of demographics including organized crime because of involvement with and that things are fucked.

Implementing Asset wide doesn’t necessarily lead to new techists of everyone on Earth.  It leads to Asset there as at least a protector and if new tech integration on an individual level begins that there is a legendary benevolent and the best new techist in world world person in a position to help. 03/26/24

Earth had a Sin Turn world attack that lead to the Age of Reckoning assembling because of the extensive threat that there was/that there is and the devastation. 03/26/24

In person I would/will have more of an opportunity to respond to that there is someone struggling whereas with such a lack of an interaction there is a lack of someone to respond to with how things are occurring.  I am extremely mindful and thoughtful, it is that there isn’t much that I’m in contact with and what I am in contact with is either adversarial or doing well/well enough. 03/26/24

The marginalized considerations of women (and please be careful) and Asset.  And ascension (benevolence and enlightenment) and please have respect.  It isn’t everyone that wants to be the best out of everyone.  We can become of our day to day lives from here in a way that is mindful and supportive and personal.  To have a life like this, and life becomes more when it is successful.  We have another better day, and more better days, and a good day and more good days.  And it is good.  It’s in stride with my life. 03/26/24

The two or three basic facts of the world is ending and then it’s like considerations of it takes knowledgeability to at least avoid failing with what it is that it’s a complex world and things involve a number greater than of choices to concur intentionality.

Asset your world sin turned and they are suffering and dying. 03/26/24

People that talk shit at the office and that is so much of what it is that sometimes then they are in contact with for instance me and feel really bad… are people that are amidst in a way that I want to try to reach with I am the best at many things and there is so much to get through and we are oppressed.  Is there a way of working with that you hav e benevolence to the extent that you do and are of a Sin Turn world and there is Asset and it’s really hard… to some extent of, our world is going through something really fucking bad, and I am marginalized to the nth… it’s really really bad.  I heard from some allies👽 (they weren’t Greys👽 but they were by way of the Greys👽) about how bad it is here.  And I wanted to try to help.  Try to avoid being too hard on yourself while also trying to achieve successful self-criticism.

Asset’s information because of aligned considerations.  Asset’s and the concerns of legitimacy of ally considerations.  It’s about the truth of the situation.  People don’t know enough about me to be an ally, however aligned is going well and I’m grateful for that.  The rush to be an ally is a problem/threat to try to do well.  Learn about the difference and learn about what the actual status is.  I hope that you do well and I hope that we can help. 03/25/24

Avoid Bliss, work with and find legitimate new tech conduit. 03/25/24